Add Helm 3+ as the supported version for K8s (#1892)
signalfx/signalfx-agent: README.md

See [Docker Deployment](./deployments/docker) for more information.

#### Kubernetes

> See our [Kubernetes setup instructions](./docs/kubernetes-setup.md) and [Monitor
> Kubernetes](https://docs.splunk.com/Observability/infrastructure/navigators/k8s.html)
> for more information. Helm 3+ is the supported version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See our [Kubernetes setup instructions](./docs/kubernetes-setup.md) and [Monitor
Kubernetes](https://docs.splunk.com/Observability/infrastructure/navigators/k8s.html)
for more information. Helm version 3 or higher is supported.
```
